This PENXLE Company Contributor License Agreement (“CLA”) applies to any 
contribution that you make to any product or project (“Project”) managed by us, 
and sets out the intellectual property rights you grant to us in the contributed 
materials. You must accept and [SIGN] this CLA, indicating agreement to the 
terms below. Please read this agreement carefully before signing. These terms 
and conditions constitute a binding legal agreement.

1. Definitions

  “You” or “Your” means the copyright owner of or the legal entity authorized by 
the copyright owner that is entering into this CLA with PENXLE Company For legal 
entities, the entity making the Contribution and all other entities that 
control, are controlled by, or are under common control with the entity are 
considered to be a single Contributor. “Control” here means the power, direct or 
indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by 
contract or otherwise, or the ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the 
outstanding shares, or the beneficial ownership of such entity.

  “Contribution” means any source code, object code, patch, tool, sample, 
graphic, specification, manual, documentation, material, or original work of 
authorship, including any modifications or additions to an existing work, that 
is submitted by You to a Project for inclusion in, or documentation of, any of 
the PENXLE Company Projects (the “Work”). “Submitted” here means any form of 
electronic, verbal or written communication sent to the Project Managers.

  “Us”, “We” or “Our” means PENXLE Company and/or one or more of its 
subsidiaries and/or affiliates of each of them ("our", "we", "us" or "PENXLE 
Company").

2. Copyrights

  With respect to any worldwide copyrights, or copyright applications and 
registrations, in your Contributions:

    You hereby assign to us joint ownership, and to the extent that such 
assignment is or becomes invalid, ineffective or unenforceable, You hereby grant 
Us a perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, 
unrestricted license to reproduce, prepare derivative works of, publicly 
display, publicly perform, sublicense (including through multiple levels of 
sublicenses or other licensing arrangements) and distribute Your Contributions 
and any derivative works.

    You agree that each of us can do all things in relation to Your 
Contributions as if each of us were the sole owners of such Contributions, and 
if one of us makes a derivative work of any of Your Contributions, the one who 
makes the derivative work (or has it made) will be the sole owner of that 
derivative work;

    You agree that You will not assert any moral rights in any of Your 
Contributions against Us, Our licensees or transferees;

    You agree that We may register a copyright in any of Your Contributions and 
exercise all ownership rights associated with it; and

    You agree that neither of us has any duty to consult with, obtain the 
consent of, pay or render an accounting to the other for any use or distribution 
of any of Your Contributions.

3. Patents

  With respect to any patents You own, or that You can license without payment 
to any third party, You hereby grant to Us a perpetual, non-exclusive, 
worldwide, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable license to:

    make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import and otherwise transfer 
Your Contribution in whole or in part, alone or in combination with or included 
in any product, work or materials arising out of the project to which Your 
Contribution was submitted; and at Our option, sublicense these same rights to 
third parties through multiple levels of sublicenses or other licensing 
arrangements.

4. Except as set out above, You reserve all right, title, and interest in Your 
Contribution. The rights that You grant Us under these terms are effective on 
the date You first submitted a Contribution to Us, even if Your submission took 
place before the date You sign these terms.

5. You covenant, represent, warrant and agree that:

  Each Contribution that You submit is and shall be an original work of 
authorship and You can legally grant the rights set out in this CLA;

  Your Contribution includes complete details of any third-party license or 
other restriction associated with any part of Your Contributions;

  To the best of Your knowledge, each Contribution You make will not violate any 
third party’s copyrights, trademarks, patents, or other intellectual property 
rights; and

  Each Contribution You make shall be in compliance with U.S. export control 
laws and other applicable export and import laws.

6. You represent that You are 18 years of age or older, that You are competent 
to enter into agreements, that there are no laws or restrictions preventing You 
from entering into this CLA, and that You are legally entitled to grant all 
licenses contained in this CLA. If Your employer(s) has rights to intellectual 
property that You create that include, or could include Your Contributions, You 
represent that You have received permission to make Contributions on behalf of 
that employer, that employer has waived any rights in connection with Your 
Contributions.

  You agree to notify Us if You become aware of any circumstance which would 
make any of the foregoing representations inaccurate in any respect. You also 
agree that PENXLE Company may, but is not obligated to, disclose Your 
participation in the Project, including the fact that You have signed the CLA. 
If You are executing this CLA on behalf of an entity, You also represent that 
You are empowered to enter into this CLA on behalf of that entity, and that such 
entity agrees to be bound by the terms of this CLA.

7. This CLA is governed by the laws of the Republic of Korea. Any choice of law 
rules will not apply.
